Add block on mentored code review (#1240)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/blocks/mentored-code-review/index.md

+++
title="Mentored code review"

> time = 15

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time = 20
```

[objectives]
    1="Explain what a code reviewer is looking for in a PR."
    2="Describe elements of the GitHub code review interface."
    3="List ways someone writing code can make it easier to review."
[build]
  render = "never"
  list = "local"
  publishResources = false

+++

> In the course, learners get feedback on their work through code review.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our learners get feedback on their work through code review.
```

> In jobs, colleagues review each others code to understand code, look for problems, and both share and learn better ways of doing things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At work, colleagues review each others code to understand code, look for problems, and both share and learn better ways of doing things.
```

At {{<our-name>}} every learner should get code review on their work every week.

> Pair up a volunteer with one or more learners. The volunteer will review a pull request, and should talk aloud what they're looking for and doing. The learner(s) should ask questions as they do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<note type="activity" title="Live Code Review">}}

Pair up a volunteer with one or more learners. 

- The volunteer will review a pull request, and talk out loud about what they're looking for and doing.
- The learner(s) will ask questions as they do.

{{</note>}}
```

> Examples of things it may be useful to explain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details><summary>

### Hints and tips

</summary>

```

1. How did you understand what the goal of the PR is? Reading the title and description, looking at the coursework exercises, etc.
2. The uses of the different tabs in a PR: Conversation, Commits, Files changed.
3. What made a PR easy or hard to review:
   1. Where unrelated files/lines changed?
   2. Was code consistently formatted? Did indentation help or hurt understanding?

> 4. How did you review the code? Did you read top-to-bottom? Did you jump around into and out-of functions? Did you look at tests? Did you clone the code locally and try running it?

Reviewer: </details>
